Update Working with Dependencies -> Declaring Repositories Section (#30525)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/dep-man/declaring-repositories/filtering_repository_content.adoc

// Copyright (C) 2023 Gradle, Inc.
//
// Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.;
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
//      https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.

[[repository-content-filtering]]
= Filtering Repository Content

Gradle exposes an API to declare what a repository may or may not contain.
There are different use cases for it:

> - performance, when you know a dependency will never be found in a specific repository
> - security, by avoiding leaking what dependencies are used in a private project
> - reliability, when some repositories contain corrupted metadata or artifacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Performance** when you know a dependency will never be found in a specific repository
- **Security** by avoiding leaking what dependencies are used in a private project
- **Reliability** when some repositories contain invalid or incorrect metadata or artifacts
```

Author: Nice.
